Premium Blocks: Implement the new design (#16611)
Automattic/jetpack: extensions/extended-blocks/paid-blocks/README.md

Paid Blocks
===========

This shared extension takes over providing additional behavior to a block it's considered paid.

> This condition can depend on a few factors: is it a simple or atomic site? have the have site a paid or free plan? However, from the perspective of paid-blocks implementation, it relies on the business-layer system.

Author: > Improve grammar and comprehension.

🙇‍♂️

> This condition can depend on a few factors: is it a simple or atomic site? have the have site a paid or free plan? However, from the perspective of paid-blocks implementation, it relies on the business-layer system.

Author: Yes, let me create a card to improve the document and remove this file from here. he documentation is poor because we haven't found a final solution for this issue.

In the end, the feature will define the availability of the blocks, getting data from the Jetpack global state on the client-side `Jetpack_Editor_Initial_State`.

In short and as a generic rule, if you need to set a block as the paid, you should do it in the proper place not here.

### Setting blocks as paid in Jetpack

> You can take a look at the Extension doc, [Paid Blocks](extensions/README.md#paid-blocks) section to know more about this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the extensions documentation on [Paid Blocks](extensions/README.md#paid-blocks) to learn more about this process.
```

> ### Setting blocks as paid not registered by Jetpack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting blocks as paid which are not registered by Jetpack
```

> Sometimes some blocks need to be defined as paid because some of their features depend on the site plan, for instance, `core/video`. It's a core block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes blocks which are not themselves registered by Jetpack need to be marked as paid because some of their features depend on a site plan. A good example of this is the `core/video` block which is provided by Gutenberg Core and requires a paid plan in order to enable the uploading of video files.
```

> For these cases, set the extension in WordPress.com in the same way that a block registered by Jetpack, also add the dependency to the paid blocks list. Use D46955-code as a reference for how to do it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For such cases, you will need to mark the extension as "paid" within the WordPress.com codebase (not within Jetpack). You will also need to add the dependency to the paid blocks list. Please refer to D46955-code as a reference for how to achieve this.
```
